Adam Rock
P.O. Box 1673, Callahan, Florida 32011
+800-991-5187 (H) • +800-991-5187 (C) • info@greatresumesfast.com
ADMINISTRATOR / EVENTS MANAGEMENT
Dynamic, results-focused administrator with hands-on experience driving efficiency and excellence throughout organizational
functions. Instrumental in developing and implementing new processes and strategies that support better communication between
teams and senior leaders, as well as significant improvements to project management, internal systems, and team productivity.
Comprehensive background includes core HR/staff operations, event facilitation, and program management.
? Administrative/Staff Management ? Operations Analysis ? Training
? Strategic Planning ? Event Planning & Management ? Performance Assessments/Management
? Process Analysis & Improvement ? Interviews/Selection ? Budget & Expense Reporting
? Project Management ? Staff Orientation ? System/Solutions Development
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
The Water Association, Long Hills, Sierra Leone 2007 to Present
ADMINISTRATIVE & EVENTS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST (2010 to Present)
Assist General Manager in administrative operations, as well as planning and execution of all activities for church services and
events (for 500-7000 people), while helping to manage workflow. Coordinate meetings with department managers and collaborate
with cross-functional teams to plan and execute special projects—monitor timelines and resources and manage project budget of
5M to 13M Leone. Drive development and publicity for events, negotiating contracts with and serving as a liaison to vendors.
Prepare detailed annual expense forecasts, with a focus on controlling costs and adhering to budget.
? Spearheaded 2011 project to develop and execute a high-profile event aimed at raising funds for new building.
Oversaw all aspects of team management, as well as organizing concerts and fundraising, and bringing in guests.
? Ensured success of projects through creation of multiple tools and strategies: defined procedures for
communicating with stakeholders and developed analytics used by senior leaders to understand impact.
? Introduced a variety of improvements and protocols to support greater efficiency and excellence throughout the
administrative function. Created databases and spreadsheets to enhance inventory management and reporting accuracy,
devised office systems to deal with paper flow, and standardized department filing system.
? Increased effectiveness and productivity in meetings through development of detailed agendas. Additionally,
created processes used in all internal and external meetings.
? Improved communication by establishing knowledge-sharing processes used by associates throughout the
organization.
? Reduced uncontrolled payment activity by 15% through establishment of a structured vendor payment plan program
that monitored payment compliance and progress.
ADMINISTRATOR OF SOUND DEPARTMENT (2007 to 2010)
Drove general administrative operations, from coordinating activities of department (with 50 staff and 150 volunteers) to
orchestrating meetings and serving as a liaison to other internal groups. Played lead role in strategic planning and project
management, reviewed budgets, and proactively boosted efficiency throughout processes. Orchestrated inter-departmental
meetings, served as main liaison to senior leaders, vendors, and clients, and planned/organized programs and events. Conducted
recruiting and interviews to build a strong employee base and delivered training to new and existing personnel. Continuously
evaluated employee performance and partnered with HR in year-end review processes. Scheduled appointments for department
Board and planned/executed corporate meetings and events for groups of 50 to 800.
? Introduced several changes to boost department organization and efficiency: created sub-units to handle specific
responsibilities, developed databases and spreadsheets to improve tracking of team members, standardized the filing
system and customer database, and developed agendas to support better time management in meetings.
? Supported advancement of high-potential staffers by creating a system to groom leaders within the department,
many who went on to leadership roles in other departments.
? Singled out for contributing to improved structure and processes throughout Sound Department operations.
Continued…John H. Smith Page Two info@greatresumesfast.com
The Water Association – Sound Administrator, continued
? Slashed departmental turnover by 50% in just two years by implementing effective team- and morale-building
programs. Clarified expectations and organizational focus in order to optimize staff motivation and success.
? Significantly improved efficiency and cost-effectiveness of projects by introducing standard workflows and
providing detailed instruction on processes and chain of command.
? Introduced positive changes that led the Sound Department to serve as a positive model, especially in terms of
structure and organization for other groups within the Water Association.
? Played instrumental role in building a process for charity fundraising; coordinated a successful fundraising concert
dinner for an SLO.
? Recognized for playing an instrumental role in creation of formal processes to provide consistency and structure.
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT (2007)
Delivered key support to busy Director, serving as point of contact for senior and general managers and unit leaders. Gathered
data for use in preparing daily, weekly, and monthly programs and activities, scheduled meetings, and coordinated organizational
retreats. Provided logistical support to visiting executives in coordination with other Executive Assistants. Onboarded new
employees and answered questions about procedures and protocols.
? Introduced standardized organizational processes including formulation systems, documentation, and procedures for
meetings and conferences.
? Improved communication of expectations and organizational goals by assisting in development of an information
dissemination system that kept department heads and unit leaders notified of events.
? Enhanced efficiency throughout administrative operations by utilizing advanced Quattro X6 Pro functions to
compile annual budget and financial spreadsheets, create organizational workflows, and prepare detailed data reports.
State Secondary School, Freetown, Sierra Leone 2006 to 2007
TUTOR/SUPERVISOR
Taught English Literature to 9th- and 12th-graders, with focus on building language skills and engaging students. Managed
classroom discipline, encouraged collaboration and respect between students, and provided extra instruction to small groups and
individuals as needed to support learning. Created lesson plans and utilized interactive and other creative techniques to hold
interest and increase understanding of materials.
? Reduced classroom disruptions by 75% through implementation of highly effective disciplinary measures.
? Encouraged parents to understand the importance of education and to allow their children attend school.
Otto & Otto (Barrister & Solicitors), Kenema, Sierra Leone 2005
LEGAL RESEARCHER & ANALYST
Conducted in-depth research on case laws and law reports, as well as analysis of case substance used in litigation. Provided legal
research and investigated facts for litigation. Drafted and amended complaints.
PREVIOUS HISTORY
Sales/Personal Care Associate ~ Sierra Leone Ltd., Bo, Sierra Leone
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION
PROMO® (PRojects ON Methodical and Organized Foundations Certification)
KPPMS-International accrediting professionals
Bachelor of Law – Sierra Leone Law School, Kenema, Sierra Leone
Bachelor of Law – State University of Science and Technology, Freetown, Sierra Leone
Senior Secondary School Certificate – Prime Ministry Girls College, Bo, Sierra Leone
PERSONAL INFORMATION & INTERESTS
Date of Birth: 25th December, 1972 • Gender: Female • Marital Status: Single • State of Origin: Freetown
Interests include reading, music, sports, travel, dance, drama, and charity work
References Available upon Request 