
AMY SMITH
123 Main Street • Atlanta, Georgia • 30339
Home: (555) 555-1234, Cell: (555) 555-1235 asmith@sample~resume.com

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••

Objective:   Seek the Position of Brewer

SUMMARY:   Remarkably talented Brewer with huge experience in managing the process of brewing and packaging beer; taking responsibility for raw materials, operatives and technicians; running of the plant and machinery; and ensuring consistent quality of the product.

Summary of Qualifications

Over eight years experience.
Great ability to make good decisions
Remarkable ability to give attention to detail.
Exceptional ability to communicate effectively at all levels.
Uncommon familiarity with the technical language of the    brewing industry.
Great teamworking and leadership skills.
Profound scientific knowledge.
Excellent logical approach and creativity, particularly if    celebration or seasonal beers are produced.

Professional Experience

Flavored Brew, Minneapolis, MN                 2002 - Present

Brewer
Manage production team.
Oversee new technical developments.
Plan budgets.
Perform warehousing and stock control.
Liaise with other sections of the company.
Check temperatures and quality of samples.
Liaise with the laboratory team, which performs further tests of consistency and quality.
Maintain detailed records of raw materials, quality checks and production stage timings.
Audit and assess existing and new suppliers.
Plan, control and schedule resources and staff in order to meet objectives.
Create new recipes for seasonal and special beers, and design the beer labels

Tayo Brew Inc., Minneapolis, MN                       2000 - 2002

Brewing Microbiologist
Propagated and managed brewing yeast, ensuring that the yeast is of a suitable viability for the fermentation process to occur.
Checked water rinses for any bacterial contamination and monitored the cleaning of the vessels.
Checked the sterility of beer in final package, i.e., keg or bottle, and ensured that pasteurization levels are adhered too.
Analyzed any suspected under-pasteurized product for the presence of ATP (Adenosine Tri-Phosphate), which is present in all living cells.
Followed up on research by writing reports for the brewery and producing performance indicator management graphs and reported to illustrate the performance of the brewery each week and month, and identified any trends in production.

Tayo Brew Inc, Minneapolis, MN                      1998 - 2000

Brew Intern
Performed cell culture, media prep, and data collection.
Completed certificates for brewery orders.
Performed general lab maintenance. 
Education and Professional Training

MSc in Brewing and Distilling Technology
New York University NY (2002)

Bachelor of Science Degree in Microbiology
New York University NY (1998)
