Andy Ngyuen
PO Box 1673 ? Port of Morrow, OR 3201 1003 ? info@greatresumesfast.com ? 80.91.5187
LinkedIn: htp:/www.linkedin.com/in/jesicaholbrok
ART RESEARCHER ~ ART COLECTION CATALOGER ~ GALERY ASISTANT
Trusted Art Cataloging advisor and Art Research expert who evaluates multimilion-dolar art
colections that produce profitable sales and advance corporate initiatives
Adaptable, meticulous Art Colection expert who has worked with more than 10 major art colectors
around the world with experience in al facets of the art colection industry including working on more
than 50 multimilion-dolar art colections. Strategist with a dep artistic aesthetic with extensive
experience in fine art and decorative art. Efective planing and analysis capabilty; key thought leader to
clients, co-workers, and senior leadership team who provides the apropriate strategies to evaluate,
select, and determine art colection value that produce high-end sales.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Research Analysis • Diverse Artistic Aesthetic • Interpersonal Communications
Art Cataloging • Art Auction/Art Market • Art Colaboration • Catalog Production
PROFESIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
? Key thought leader for art analysis with more than 10 years of experience in Art Colection
Research and Cataloging. ? Trusted advisor to clients on complex art colection analysis and strategic planing for art sales
and colections. ? Championed art colection analysis for celebrity and high-end art colectors by apraising and
cataloging up to 30 items a day for estates and colections worth up to $20-milion. PROFESIONAL EXPERIENCE
DAVID’S—220 5th Avenue; Calahan, FL 3201 (204—2012)
ASOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT, Fine and Decorative Art Generalist Appraiser
Multimilion-Dolar Art Colection Analysis | Industry Benchmarking | Apraisal Leadership
Art Apraisaleader in the Estates, Apraisals, and Valuations department for the world’s largest fine arts
and art busines auction house. Direct he analysis and value determination for art pieces worth up to
$20-milion and advise clients on utilzing strategies for seling or donating works of art. Exceptional
knowledge of the marketplace and abilty to predict rends and quickly identify highly valuable pieces of
a colection. ? Spearheaded research for the Mark and Marsha Hamilton property—visited Mt. Vernon and
inspected historical eters, clothing, boks, and other property. ? Apraised colections for celebrities including the Elizabeth O’Neil estate.

 ? Led dealings with the world’s leading art colectors, dealers, lawyers, and bankers.JOHN H. SMITH info@greatresumesfast.com ? 80.91.5187
? Worked colaboratively acros more than 20 departments at David’s as wel as with other
specialists in the field. ? Provided expertise for colections that sold for more than $20-milion. ? Proven track record of managing client- and busines-relationships through building credibilty
and establishing immediate raport with clients.
SLATE’S AND KENNY, AUCTIONERS—700 White River Ave.; Calahan, FL 3201 (202—204)
SALES MANAGER AND SPECIALIST, Silver and Decorative Art Department
Increased Sales | Busines Development | Multimilion-Dolar Sales
Promoted to Department head from previous position as a Specialist. Evaluated decorative art and
porcelain and silver colections—taged each piece for sale, advised clients, and managed property in
databases. Liaison to potential buyers; advised clients on market oportunities in various geographic
locations. ? Captured an increase of 20% in sales revenue—conceptualized and implemented special apraisal
oportunities in high net worth locations that resulted in new busines and consignor contacts. ? Fine and decorative art expert—worked quickly in a fast-paced environment; cataloged up to 60
objects a month while extensively researching auction databases and developing condition
reports. ? Increased client base by more than 20%—established a new sales pipeline through partnerships
with local dealers by identifying market rends. ? Identifed an Exclusive American Colonial silver two-handle cup, a Huguenot worth more than a
quarter milion dolars.
BLAKE AND BURBERRY MUSEUM—Crescent Road; Paris, France (201)
ASISTANT TO THE CURATOR OF METALWORK
Research Asistant | Museum Design
Provided research of primary sources for the top thre curators and silver specialists in the world for the
largest decorative art museum in the world. ? Asisted with colection management during a new Silver galery instalation and museum design
through colective research.
EARLY CARER:
ASISTANT TO THE CURATOR AND REGISTRAR—State University Art Museum (199—200)
EDUCATION
Master of Philosophy (M. Phil.) in Fine and Decorative Art—State University, London, England
Bachelor of Arts in Art History and English Literature—State University; Tampa, FL; Deans List; Sigma Tau
Delta; Phi Eta Sigma