Bob Dylan, M.P.A. PO Box 1673 ¦ Calahan, FL 3201 ¦ 80.91.5187 ¦ info@greatresumesfast.com
Highly motivated Financial Analyst with recent Master of Public Administration degre and 13 years of experience. Ensure acurate, complete, and useful documents for biling, purchasing, and insurance purposes as wel as
compliance with contract requirements. Curently manage procurement for 30+ employes implementing 6
programs in 6 clinics. Increased departmental eficiency and acountabilty by spearheading eforto automate
record keping. Background includes BA from State Colege of Criminal Justice.
Leadership – Customer Service – Procurement – Budgeting – Financial Analysis – Contract Compliance
Vendor Relationships/Negotiations – Acount Management – Research – Communication
EDUCATION
MASTER OF PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION, 2012, State University, Tampa, FL
Courses included: ? Acounting for Government, Healthcare and Non-Profit Enties
? Organization Theory and Management ? Healthcare Economics
? Health Services Management ? Strategic Planing & Marketing
? Regional Planing
BACHELOR OF ARTS, 200, State Colege of Criminal Justice, Tampa, FL
RELATED EXPERIENCE
MEDICINE STATE DIVISION OF SUBSTANCE ABUSE, Albany, NY 201 – Present
Administrative Secretary VI, 2010 – Present
Create and track purchase orders, monitoring them for compliance with requirements of 3-15 financial grants valued
at $20,00+. Determine if unds are available, purchases agre with grant conditons, and orders received are
10% acurate. ? Source vendors and work with Procurement Department o negotiate prices for variety of products and
services ranging from ofice and medical suplies to fod service from 50+ vendors. ? Created purchase orders through Sciquest and proces invoices for payment as wel as travel vouchers and
pety cash.
Patient Biling Clerk VI, 208 – 2010
Procesed biling for General Primary Care (GPC) Department. ? Guaranted that al records of patient interactions received proper ICD 9 and CPT codes. ? Checked each patient’s Medicaid and Managed Care status and procesed al PCG audits. ? Initated procedure to proces Utilzation Threshold Forms in timely maner to extend number of visits for
patients who had exhausted Medicaid visits, ensuring that hospital would be paid for al their care.
o Completed 10+ forms that had not ben procesed previously. ? Input newly enroled General Primary Care patient information in Smart system. ? Procesed patient insurance claims, including verifying eligibilty and obtaining pre-authorizations. ? Conducted quarterly internal audits in order to identify unpaid claims for folow-up. Secretary V, 201 – 208
? Asisted Director, Asistant Director, and Clinic Cordinator in day-to-day operations of clinic. ? Created and maintained patient financial records and files. ? Answered patient inquires regarding standard clinic policies and procedures, routed mail, answered phones.
J CHILDCARE ASSOCIATION, Albany, NY 199 – 201
Administrative Asistant
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
The American Society For Public Administration
Phi Alpha Alpha National Honor Society