P
Evan Williams
P.O. Box 1673 Callahan, FL 32011 (800) 991-5187  info@greatresumesfast.com
MEDICAL DEVICE CONSULTING, SALES & MARKETING
CONSULTATIVE SALES  CLINICAL BUSINESS PLANNING  CLINICAL PRACTICE GROWTH
  
Medical device consultant offering verifiable history of sales and marketing excellence in every position in 16-year career.
Led medical device consulting team to President’s Club in 2008, 2009, and 2011. Repeatedly exceeded quarterly and
annual quotas: delivered 215% quota, biggest quarterly finish in organizational history; 125% of quota in 2007; 150% in
2006. Captured regional and national sales rankings and awards.
CLASS I MEDICAL DEVICES … ORTHOPEDIC IMPLANTS … MEDICAL TESTING SOLUTIONS
• Consultative Sales
• Territory Sales Management
• Sales Programs & Techniques
• New Business Development
• New Account Acquisition
• Team Recruitment & Training
• Performance Management
• Public Speaking & Sales Training
• Business & Growth Planning
• Product Adoption
• Provider Engagement
• Strategic Marketing
 R O F E S S I O N A L H I S T O R Y
BLUE HILL NEO-TECH, Little Rock, AK 2006 – Present
Regional Medical Device Consultant
Designated to be among 1st Regional Development Managers ever in organization, after demonstrating consistently
outstanding sales success offering Ortholine Class I medical devices to general dentists and orthodontists, and
innovating Ortholine Production Day (below) to propel sales and individual clinical practice growth. Performs this role
concurrently with District Sales Manager. Recruits and directly consults, overseeing 15 specialists across 5 states.
 Elevated district to win President’s Club in 2008, 2009, and 2011 by conceptualizing and implementing new sales
programs and protocols. Twice named District Manager of the Year.
 Exceeded individual quota every year, despite absence from individual territory to manage others’ performance
30% of the time.
 Selected to speak at 4 national corporate sales meetings to provide training on Class I medical device discussions
with prospective providers and educate specialists on the Ortholine Production Day marketing kit.

District Sales Manager
Joined organization to conduct sales, marketing, and consulting in territory encompassing ~800 clients. Calls on
providers to demonstrate the product and outline in custom business plans how adoption will positively impact
profitability. Provides training and education; also leads marketing initiatives to drive growth for individual practices.
 Delivered 275% quota, biggest quarterly finish in organizational history, and generated highest revenue growth
twice, among 180 specialists nationally.
 Exceeded quota 8 out of 10 years with company, having driven 60%+ growth in territory since joining
organization.
 Positioned 3 providers in top 2% of Ortholine submitters, in an organization where raising 2 to top status is
extremely rare. 