Objective

           

            To utilize over 6 years of customer service experience and proven accomplishments, as well as develop my professional skills and continue to advance my career with a company looking for long term team member to mutually benefit from my goal driven, hard working mentality future development.

 

Summary of Skills

Customer service specialist!
Strong communication, organizational, and leadership skills
Ability to work in a team environment or independently
Exceptional attention to detail.
Software knowledge:  Windows, Microsoft Office Works, Excel, Word, PRS, CRMS, ISIS, Voice, Outlook.
Excellent customer service and problem-solving skills
Experienced multi-tasking abilities and focus – gets the job done!
Excellent research and organizational skills. Strong ability to find the answers.
Strong data entry, 65 wpm and 10-key skills
 

Computer Proficiency



Windows

Word

Excel

Outlook

Lotus Notes

Windows XP

AHM Interactive Network & ISIS

CRMS

CR Web

CICS

 



 

Employment Experience

HONDA: AHM Motorcycle Customer Service

Supervisor: Amanda Harlan, Supervisor AHM Customer Service

American Honda Motor Co. Inc., Torrance, CA,
06/06 – present (via Diverse Staffing Solutions)

 

            Assist customers with warranty concerns and objections to warranty denials. Review        cases for goodwill consideration and try to keep customers life time owner loyalty with        Honda. Mediate dealership/customer relations between the two when needed (always    needed). Protect the Honda name as best as possible when customers call in with             complaints and             concerns regarding their Honda product. Try to capture "The Voice of the            Customer" in order to help Honda understand our customers needs and adjust            accordingly. List Customers Contentions for Quality Assurance studies.

 

HONDA: Honda Customer Service Tier 2 Specialist

Supervisor: Amanda Harlan, Supervisor AHM Customer Service

American Honda Motor Co. Inc., Torrance, CA,
12/05 – 04/06 (via Diverse Staffing Solutions)

 

            Answer and resolve customer questions/complaints in a professional, timely, and            accurate manner to ensure customer repurchase intent. Gather information about the            customer and their concern to support Voice of the Customer for executive reporting and     program improvement. Effectively evaluate customers requests and make decisions I feel       will benefit Honda Lifetime ownership and the Honda Corporation. Promote The Heart of the Customer philosophy

 

 

 

 

HONDA: Honda Customer Service Tier 1 Specialist

Supervisor: Amanda Harlan, Supervisor AHM Customer Service

American Honda Motor Co. Inc., Torrance, CA,
05/05 – 12/05 (via Diverse Staffing Solutions)

 

            Research, analyze, and interpret data to assist in resolving customers

            concerns. Apply acquired knowledge and experience in a manner that is satisfactory to   the customer’s overall perception. Demonstrate exceptional communication,     organizational, and problem solving skills in order to consult with customers. Proactively consult with Supervisors and Tier 2 specialist on customer’s concerns in order to             effectively assist customers.

 

 

VALUE OPTIONS, INC: Customer Service Representative

Manager: Juan Moralez, Senior Manager

Mental Health Insurance Customer Service Representative

Value Options Inc., Long Beach, CA. 01/03 to 05/05

 

            Provide excellent customer service in order to assist customers with benefit information.             Demonstrate accurate follow up regarding referral, eligibility, or payment issues. Apply            trouble shooting and problem solving techniques. Assist with the training of new          Customer Service Representatives regarding policies, procedures, and various work flow.

 

U.S. Navy: BM3 E-4 3rd Class Petty Officer

Supervisor: BM1 Johnson

Based at 32nd Street Naval Base, San Diego California, stationed on the USS Tarawa

 

Supervise and account for twenty seamen. Perform various tasks quickly and safely while maintaining accuracy. Navigation and driving of the USS Tarawa. Protect innocent lives.

 

 

Education

 

Completed, United States Navy Navigation Training, Great Lakes Naval Training Base

                       

Diploma, Polytechnic High School (GPA 3.3)

 

Awards

 

Divisional Hard Charger – for my contributions to the efficiency, morale, and combat readiness of Third Division, USS Tarawa and The United States Navy.