J. CLIENT
123 Any Street Phone: 800.991.5187
Atlanta, GA 12345 info@greatresumesfast.com
Profit-Driven Marketing Manager
Driving strong and sustainable financial gains through leveraging corporate potential, enhancing topnotch
marketing solutions, innovative branding strategies, and dynamic corporate events.
More than 14 years of solid B2B marketing experience, delivering profitable solutions to drive sales, attract
and maintain customers, and build a solid corporate brand. Special talent for enhancing corporate
marketability through electronic and print marketing tools as well as clear, effective corporate messaging.
Stellar organizational and planning skills, as demonstrated in successful event planning experience. Rolled
out two large-scale corporate re-branding campaigns. Gained extensive experience communicating with
vendors and event support personnel, and effectively managed overseas marketing team. Earned solid
reputation for being enthusiastic, efficient, and hands-on. Active AMA member.
? Strategic Marketing & Sales ? Event Planning & Execution ? Corporate Brand Development
? Internet & E-mail Marketing ? Direct Marketing Techniques ? Business-to-Business (B2B)
? Budgeting & Allocation ? Team Building & Leadership ? Customer Relationship Management
? Market Research ? Public & Media Relations ? Vendor & Client Communication
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ABC Corporation (formerly DEF, Inc. and GHI, Inc.), Atlanta, GA 2002 – 2009
Initially hired into largely data entry position and upon proving marketing savvy, took over all marketing
responsibilities. Found innovative ways to market ABC brand, including highly successful e-mail marketing
campaigns. Led corporate re-branding after shifting from GHI to DEF, as well as from DEF to ABC. Added
full control of event planning to job in 2008. Maintained constant and open dialogue with health care and
software services groups.
National Events Manager (Health Care Sector), 2008 – 2009
? Spearheaded all planning activities from concept to execution for events with up to $100,000 budgets.
? Handled all event budgeting, ensuring top quality while consistently coming in under budget.
? Directed event logistics including registration and setup, travel, hotels, booths, client receptions, guest
lists, conference accommodations, presentations, and itineraries, both remotely and on-site.
? Led weekly cross-functional team conference calls leading up to each event, solving logistical issues and
coordinating preparation with up to 14 individuals from multiple divisions.
? Established and built successful partnerships with vendors, hotels, event management companies, and
production services companies.
? Maintained in-depth project plans including detailed Excel workbooks with continually updated task
lists, contact lists, deadlines, and budgets.
Marketing Specialist (Software Services Division), 2002 – 2009

? Spearheaded e-mail marketing campaigns, resulting in more than 80% of software services clients coming
in through e-mail marketing channel.
? Orchestrated two successful corporate re-branding campaigns, including coordination of legal name
change and new logo with all vendors and clients, new Web site and marketing materials, internal and
external messaging, and internal communications coaching. Sample Client Page 2
ABC (continued)
? Collaborated with sales team, directors, and India marketing team to issue proposals (RFPs and RFIs).
? Assisted in executing internal and external events, including trade shows, conferences, and parties.
? Created content for corporate Web site, sales presentations, e-mail campaigns and corporate sales
collateral.
“In addition to being highly skilled in her position, she was always a pleasure to work with, as she obviously loves what
she does and always has a positive attitude. She is an enthusiastic team player… but she also can be counted on to work
independently, as was proven most effectively by her take-charge attitude in undertaking the re-branding efforts.”
– Joe Smith, Managing Director, ABC (Former direct supervisor)
Corporate Marketing Coordinator 2000 – 2001
Confidential Company, Inc., Atlanta, GA
? Handled allocation of $500,000 marketing budget, including advertising, print collateral, trade shows and
seminars, and services from an advertising company and a PR company.
? Led company’s inaugural e-mail marketing initiative, resulting in considerable increase in customer
traffic.
? Organized and executed company representation in trade shows, conferences, and seminars.
? Maintained content for company Web site, print advertisements, and corporate sales collateral.
Additional Related Experience:
Marketing Coordinator, Confidential Company, Inc., Atlanta, GA, 1998 – 1999
? Executed direct marketing operations, including monitoring of in-house telemarketers.
Sales Representative, Confidential Company, Inc., Atlanta, GA, 1996 – 1998
? Consistently met and exceeded goals including collaboration with three-person team to reach 115% of
annual sales quota.
Freelance Copywriter/Editor, Atlanta, GA, 1992 – 2002 (intermittent)
? Researched and wrote direct mail pieces, brochures, business letters, Web site content, and edited 400+
page technical textbook.
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Volunteer, Confidential Nonprofit Organization, Atlanta, GA 2009 – Present
Devoted time to sorting and categorizing textbooks in preparation for shipment to schoolchildren in Africa.
Volunteer, Confidential Nonprofit Organization, Atlanta, GA 2003 – Present
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
B.S., Major in Mass Communications, Minor in Marketing (Magna Cum Laude)
Confidential University, Athens, GA
Member, American Marketing Association (Atlanta Chapter)
TECHNICAL CAPABILITIES
? IBM-compatible systems ? Windows Professional XP/Vista ? MS Office 2003/2007 ?
? PhotoShop ? Acrobat ? Siebel CRM ? Constant Contact ? Ektron ?