Jim Beam (800) 991-5187~ info@greatresumesfast.com
P.O. Box 1673~ Callahan, FL 32011
SENIOR FINANCIALPROFESSIONAL
Management Accounting ~ Controller ~ Financial Manager
Results-driven global professional acknowledged for sound decision-making and analytical
abilities, business acuity, ongoing education, and problem-solving skills. Strategic, methodical,
and reliable; pursues the challenge of resolving long-term issues and influencing revenuepositive
outcomes. Enjoys opportunities to think "outside the box", deriving new solutions to old
problems through strategic information gathering, data collection, and comprehensive scrutiny.
Persuasive and concise communicator; experienced in dealing with all levels of management
and coaching staff to achieve greater productivity and understanding.
NOTABLE SKILLS & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
 Generated improved cash flow through applying meticulous
collection policies and closely observing accounts payable and
working with management to reduce inventory costs.
 Streamlined lot functions and increased efficiency due to
implementation of new ERP system which tracked costs, inventory
reports and increased availability of information.
 Reduced month and year-end closings by improving processes and
controls and designing detailed reports allowing Senior
Management to make rapid, informed decisions.
 Maximized accuracy by reviewing actual results against forecast;
investigated material variances and performed ad hoc requests to
further review financial data.
 Ensured local government compliance, timely financial reporting
and hiring of appropriate staff for new international plant launch
by employing and applying sound accounting procedures and
controls .
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
R&G Associates, Brave, IL 2000 – Present
The corporate headquarters for three tier-two global automotive suppliers; subsidiaries include
Springs County Automotive Systems, SYSCO, and Bridge Automotive.
Manager of Financial Reporting, International Locations (2010 – Present)
Develop financial reporting and implement accounting policies to comply with foreign standards.
Led compliance for plant launch in Costa Rica. Analyze data and perform due diligence to support
forecasting processes. Design detailed forecasting models involving cash flow, sales, and
operating/capital budgets to assist Senior Management to establish viable standards.
 Manage Controllers and accounting staffs for five locations including Venezuela and China.
 Lead hiring and training methods for international accounting staff.
 Establish key performance indicators based on strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and
trends (SWOT) analysis.
Core Competencies
 Month & YE Closings
 Financial Statements
 Forecasting
 Financial Analysis
 Inventory Costing
 GAAP & IFRS
 Capital Budgeting
 Product Profitability
 Variance Analysis
 ERP Systems
 General Ledger
 Fixed Assets
 Policies & Procedure