Jimmy John
info@greatresumesfast.com| P.O. Box 1673| Callahan, FL 32011|
TRANSPORTATION | LOGISTICS | SUPPLY CHAIN | SALES MANAGEMENT
Leveraging advanced business operations and development expertise with a high-level sales
management background that drives sustainable revenue and profit gains.
TEAM BUILDER - BUSINESS PARTNER
Bottom-line, results-oriented operations, business, and sales manager with a thorough understanding of the complexity
of logistics and broad knowledge of company structure, state and federal compliance issues, and corporate strategies.
Self-directed, results-driven professional with expertise in selling specialized products, services, and systems; persevere
and succeed in capturing new business opportunities as they are presented. Committed, with a positive service attitude.
Exhibit tenacity and creativity in problem solving with a proven record of innovating profitable solutions to seemingly
impossible business problems; able to bring order and efficiency to chaotic environments.
Driven, self-motivated, highly energized, and recognized for the ability to translate company vision and mission into
strategies that consistently exceed financial and organizational targets.
Leverage technology to streamline operations that achieve excellent results by instilling a culture of employee pride,
developing and retaining top talent, and inspiring unity toward a common goal.
Dynamic, energized, and driven contributor who is committed to excellence and has demonstrated success in achieving
cost, quality, and service goals through the implementation of innovative business strategies.
Interact extensively with all levels of employees regarding operations, productivity, and performance issues; openly
promote and foster transparent accountability while consistently exceeding goals and expectations.
Highly effective in motivating, developing, and leading employees. Demonstrate effective abilities in oral and written
communication at all structural levels. Adept at negotiations, collaboration, and building respected and trusted relationships.
Works independently with no direct supervision and exhibits the ability to plan and conduct effective meetings as a
team player, leader, and trainer that garners consistent success in planning and managing projects.
Balance sales, marketing, operations, and warehouse management in all modes of transportation and logistics, with
analytical problem-solving and organizational skills, attention to detail, and efficient issue resolution, preventing recurrence.
Computer oriented; familiar with PCs, MS operating systems and applications including MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and
Outlook; able to efficiently research and navigate the Internet and handle all e-mails in a timely and thoughtful manner.
CORE KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS
Traffic Management | Logistics Operations & Management | Key Account Management | High-Level Sales
Cross-Functional Communication & Collaboration | Advanced Planning & Organizational Skills
Strategic & Operations Planning | Team Leadership & Development | Effective Third-Party Partnerships
Industry Best Practices & Standardization | Distribution Network Design & Implementation | Warehouse Management
Performance Management | Quality & Safety Programs | Project Management | Customer Supply Chain Solutions
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Pure Logical Services, Inc., Agent of Sunny Lane Transit, LLC, Arlington, VA 1997 to 2012
Co-Founder, BOD Secretary & Operations Principal - Built this $25M specialized transportation business with 2 partners over
15 years, running two agencies, one in Oregon and one in Florida, specializing in domestic and world-wide transportation .
 Worked through college at Sunny Lane Transit and was hired after graduation to enter their management trainee
program that laid out a fast-track career plan and ended successfully in August 2012.
 Conducted general management and supervision of up to 65 employees working in operations, customer service, and
the warehouse; in charge of marketing operations and book of business, selling over $3M worth of business annually. JOHN H. SMITH PA GE 2
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED …
Pure Logical Services, Inc., Agent of Sunny Lane Transit, LLC, Arlington, VA 1997 to 2012
Co-Founder, BOD Secretary & Operations Principal
 Implemented Safety & Compliance program procedures that led to unprecedented insurance actuary incident
profiles for this safety-sensitive environment with safety-sensitive equipment; ensured the company grounds,
buildings, and employees were safe and that staff was aware of safety issues in and around the business.
 Set up the infrastructure for employees, recruitment training, and development; tactically fostered recruiting,
training, and enhancement programs for drivers and operations, customer service, and warehouse personnel.
 Bottom-line accountability for all Marketing Operations using a predetermined annual budget of approximately
$15M; negotiated rates for the domestic and international air freight and brokerage division.
 Directed, developed, and implemented strategic marketing operations and infrastructure policies and procedures
that established the foundation for superior quality service and brand identity in the Southeastern market.
Journey Transportation Services, Inc., Acme Van Lines Agent, Palm Springs, FL 1994 to 1997
General Manager - Built this independent company throughout Florida as a full-service, high-value product and trade
show mover. Consistently recognized for outstanding individual sales and branch achievement by Journey Transportation
& Acme Van Lines.
 Hired and developed drivers and warehouse, sales, and office staff; designed delivery schedules, implemented a
warehouse management system, and provided staff training that resulted in a rapid learning curve and one of the
most successful and celebrated projects.
 Achieved significant improvements in inventory management, shipping/receiving processes, data communications,
and warehouse floor productivity.
ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS
 Recognized throughout multiple years for “Outstanding Sales Performance” and “Distinguished Platinum Sales
Achievement” from Sunny Lane Transit, LLC Platinum Club and Honorary Club, respectively.
 On Acme Van Lines Board of Directors for many years; recognized with the Chairman’s Award as the #1 Sales
Producer and from the President’s Club throughout multiple years for “Outstanding Platinum Sales Achievements.”
 Recognized over multiple years by Acme Van Lines “Top Leader Award” for top individual sales producer, and Acme
Van Lines Special award for “Premium Agent of the Year.”
 Awarded Gold Transportation Services “Premium Salesman of the Year,” throughout multiple years.
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
 State University, Baltimore, Maryland - Bachelor of Science, Business Administration
 Waterhouse Towers - Successfully completed a sales course
 Hartford Global - Learning International sales course
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) - Trained in new Workplace Regulations every other year
Willing to travel up to 20% and willing to relocate
References available upon request 