JOHN T. PARSONS
16 Westbrook Heights / Someddtown, GA 30082 / (522) 525-5225
jp@somedomain.com/ LinkedIn URL 

Director of Software Development
Dynamic leader of software development teams offering 11 years of experience managing multimillion-dollar, mission-critical projects.
Skilled in all phases of the software development lifecycle; expert in translating business requirements into technical solutions; and fanatical about quality, usability, security and scalability.
Professional Experience

AABC Inc. (2005 to Present) / DAEF Inc. (2001 to 2005) -- Someatown, GA
AABC is a global financial services firm that acquired DAEF in 2005.

Director of Software Development, 2006 to Present
Senior Software Developer, 2005 to 2006
Software Developer / Tester, 2001 to 2005

Advanced through several promotions, culminating in present director-level role overseeing firm’s software development activities. Manage a $4.5M R&D budget and a 12-member developer team. Provide cradle-to-grave oversight of software project management, leading the research, design, development, documentation, testing and rollout of enterprise applications.

Accomplishments:

Designed dozens of software solutions driving continuous improvement to processes, systems, work flow and customer responsiveness.
Mentored development teams in Agile SDLC and RAD best practices. Ensured the release of premium-quality applications that provided intuitive and secure experiences for users.
Delivered groundbreaking developments such as Web-based customer data-entry applications; software that automated customer loan data collection and processing functions; systems for securely handling electronic funds transfers; and browser plug-ins enabling fail-safe recovery of Internet file transfers.
Drove all phases of enterprise integration and process improvement projects to successful completion, including application availability initiatives (e.g., Oracle RAC, WebLogic clustering, data replication) and the implementation of single site fail-over and recovery options.
Reduced R&D budget from $6M to $4.5M while increasing service levels and improving product stability.
Project Results

Served as project manager, lead developer and/or team member on dozens of application development projects. Delivered technology solutions that…

Automated processes to resolve business challenges, such as ever-fluctuating currency exchange and bank interest rates (15+ countries), complex bank reconciliation interfaces and ACH/wire-fraud detection.
Minimized system outages, saving an estimated $1.2M annually.
Equipped sales force with Web-accessible sales/CRM tools that helped elevate assets under management by 37% from 2003 to 2004.
Accelerated the lending approval process by 35%.
Reduced payroll by hundreds of thousands of dollars by automating functions that previously required manual data entry.
Heightened security of electronic funds transfers and securities pooling.
Decreased monthly error rates to all-time lows (from 1.2% to 0.02%).
Streamlined the underwriting and review of government loans.
Technology Summary

Languages: C++, C#, Java, Delphi, Visual Basic 
Development Tools, Methodologies & Environments: Rapid Application Design (RAD), Object-Oriented Analysis & Design (OOAD), Waterfall Approach, Spiral Approach, Prototyping Approach, Integrated Software Development, Microsoft Visual Studio 
Software: TIBCO, IBM WebSphere MQ, Apache, Sun ONE, Business Objects, JBoss, BEA WebLogic 
Hardware: Sun, IBM, VAX, NeXT
Systems: Unix, Windows, VAX/VMS, NeXTStep, .Net Framework
Networking: TCP/IP, SunLink X.25
Databases: Oracle, Sybase

Teaching Appointments

AABC COMMUNITY COLLEGE (2010 to Present) -- SomeAtown, GA
XAYZ TECHNICAL INSTITUTE (2009 to 2010) -- SomeAtown, GA

Adjunct Faculty Member, Information Technology, 2009 to Present
Retained as a part-time IT instructor (evenings), teaching beginning and intermediate programming classes.

 

  	
 

 Engineering robust,
user-focused 
solutions driving 
breakthrough 
efficiency and 
bottom-line gains.

 

 

 

EXPERTISE

Application Development

Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA)

Enterprise Implementations

Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)

Release Management

B2B Integrations

Project Management

Offshore Development Operations

QA & UAT Management

Team Building & Leadership

 

 

EDUCATION

AABC UNIVERSITY
Someatown, GA
MS in Information Systems, 2002

XAYZ COLLEGE
Someatown, AL
BS in Computer Science, 2000

 


CERTIFICATIONS

MCSD, 2005 
Microsoft Certified 
Solution Developer

MCAD, 2004 
Microsoft Certified 
Applications Developer

CMST, 2002
Certified Manager 
of Software Testing

CST, 2001
Certified Software Tester

 


VOLUNTEERISM

Active volunteer 
for United Way, 
The Sometown
Food Bank 
and Amnesty International



Available for relocation