MARIE CLARK
185 Maple St.
Sometown, CT 55555
Home: (860) 555-5555 
mclark@somedomain.com

 
CUSTOMER SERVICE REP / 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN CALL CENTER SETTINGS

Polished, professional customer service rep offering:
10 years of experience providing customer support in busy call center environments for public utility and insurance industry employers.
An unwavering commitment to customer service, with the ability to build productive relationships, resolve complex issues and win customer loyalty.
Strategic-relationship/partnership-building skills -- listen attentively, solve problems creatively, and use tact and diplomacy to find common ground and achieve win-win outcomes. 
EXPERIENCE

Customer Service Representative
5/2005-Present, ABC Utility Company, Hartford, CT

Handle customer inquiries, complaints, billing questions and payment extension/service requests. Calm angry callers, repair trust, locate resources for problem resolution and design best-option solutions. Interface daily with internal partners in accounting, field services, new business, operations and consumer affairs divisions.

Key Accomplishments:
Managed a high-volume workload within a deadline-driven environment. Resolved an average of 550 inquiries in any given week and consistently met performance benchmarks in all areas (speed, accuracy, volume).
Became the lead "go-to" person for new reps and particularly challenging calls as one of the company’s primary mentors/trainers of both new and established employees.
Helped company attain the highest customer service ratings (as determined by external auditors) -- earned 100% marks in all categories including communication skills, listening skills, problem resolution and politeness.
Officially commended for initiative, enthusiasm, tenacity, persuasiveness, intense customer focus and dependability in performance evaluations.
Completed voluntary customer service training to learn ways to enhance customer satisfaction and improve productivity.
Customer Service Agent
2/2001-5/2005, DEF Insurance Company, Hartford, CT

Handled incoming calls from policyholders, responding to inquiries, resolving problems and correcting policy errors. Provided quotes and executed online policy changes for auto, home and excess liability. Used consultative selling techniques to provide leads for telesales personnel. 

Key Accomplishments:
Recognized as "#1 Customer Service Rep" (out of 20 reps in division) in Fall 2004. Ranking was based on accuracy, customer service, duration of calls and availability.
Co-developed on-the-job training program that reduced training time from eight weeks to five.
Contributed to an 8% sales increase in 2004 by improving lead-generation and sales-tracking techniques. 
EDUCATION

4/2001-6/2001, ActionStudies Customer Service Skills Training, Hartford, CT

Completed five 4-hour modules of customer service training. Topics included how to:
Greet transfer and hold calls
Build rapport, listen, clarify and manage conversational flow
Manage upset customers, conflicts and challenging situations
Deliver outstanding service, exceed expectations and build long-term loyalty
Work in teams and in a self-directed environment
9/1996-6/2000, XYZ High School, Hartford, CT

SKILLS

Skill Name	Skill Level	Last Used/Experience
Customer Service	Expert	Currently used/10 years
Call Center Service Operations	Expert	Currently used/10 years
Complaint Handling/Dispute Resolution	Expert	Currently used/10 years
Sales Lead Generation	Expert	Currently used/10 years
Data Entry/Records Management	Expert	Currently used/10 years
Multiline Phone Use	Expert	Currently used/10years
MS Word, Excel and Access	Intermediate	Currently used/8 years

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Willing to relocate
Willing to travel up to 25% of the time