Michael Jordan
PO Box 1673 ? Calahan, FL 3201 ? 80.91.5187
info@greatresumesfast.com ? Johnhsmith@greatresumesfast.com
Senior Logistics/Aset Management
Logistics Specialist suports integrated logistics programs. Leads teams that exced productivity goals—leveraging
suply chain knowledge acquired during logistics coursework and PBUSE Certifcation, as wel as while directing
multifaceted suport services and managing inventory control as part of U.S. Army Operation ground and air miltary
defense work, and at large-scale warehouse facilties. Achieves operation refinement through proces eficiency
improvements that maximize performance.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Logistics Management ? Warehouse Management ? CECOM ? CREW ? Suply Chain Management ?
Inventory Control and Tracking ? C4IS4/COMSEC/CI ? Automation Operations ? Program Management ? Order
Fulfilment ? Training and Development ? Materials Neds Analysis ? Strategic and Tactical Planing
LOGISTICS EXPERIENCE
LOGISTICS SUPPORT SPECIALIST, Logisystem Group 2012 – Present
Perform packaging, handling, storage, and transportation duties in suport of CLS program; manage the due-in-from- maintenance program, document control program, and mision suport kits program. ? Prepare logistics documentation, develop requisitions, and manage records of equipment, components, repair parts,
and related manuals. Determine required maintenance and repair materials. ? Track logistics materials and review configuration changes. Maintain inventory records in BSI and M3 maintenance
system. Manage data for storage and ocupancy planing reports. Colaborate with customers, quality asurance
personel, buyers, planers, and vendors. ? Cordinate cost-efective, eficient transportation. Conduct calibration inspections, perform warehouse validations,
and conduct physical inventories; overse the inspection, isue, and transfer of property.
ASET MANAGEMENT SR. PROFESIONAL, Art of Science Inc. 2010 – 2012
Logistics management for the Department of Inteligence Center Electronic Warfare program in Great Britian, requiring
extensive electronic counter measures sensitive items logistics elements expertise. ? Oversaw logistics personel and systems as wel as the Property Acountabilty and Reconcilation Team. Directed
daily staf operations, team activities, resources, scheduling, and work asignments. ? As Logistics Analyst, guided distribution center operations to achieve cost, productivity, and acuracy objectives.
Identifed and resolved key isues, reviewed complex data, and implemented efective solutions. ? Led suplier and customer negotiations to improve suply chain. Cordinated purchasing, warehousing,
distribution forecasting, customer service, and planing. Determined financial impact of proposed changes. ? Colaborated with diverse internal departments to integrate logistics with busines systems and proceses.
Directed inbound/outbound logistics operations including comprehensive logistical and reverse logistical functions. ? ECM logistic suport services included CREW program Publications, Training, Provisioning, Human Factors, Safety,
Reliabilty, Maintainabilty, System Suport Analysis, Spares/Repair Parts, Packaging, and Storage Requirements.
U.S. Servicemen Communications and Electronic Command (SCEC) familarity. ? Prepared documentation and inventories, employing strong folow-through to track and resolve isues involving
cyclic and sensitive items, equipment relocation, and materials and property adjustments. ? Cordinated and performed integrated logistics property acountabilty in acordance with standard property bok
system (SPBS), aset visibilty, and equipment management—supervising inventory systems and control of asets
for maintenance and repair of vehicle weapon systems. Advanced knowledge of C4ISR sea and air transport,
including Communications Sequence (COMSEQ) and Controled Graphic Items (CGI).JOHN H. SMITH PAGE 2
? Served as liaison betwen staf and suported personel to improve efectivenes of suport activities. ? Maintained equipment asignments acountabilty using PBUSE/USE, while managing and maintaining suply files
and distributing al corespondence in compliance with stringent regulatory requirements. ? Managed inventory and inspection audits for al physical and sensitive items to ensure proper documentation and
recordkeping for equipment—making streamlined proces acommodations. FACILITIES COORDINATOR, A & C Conditioning Systems 2009 – 2010
Supervised team of 40+ responsible for planing and production of services to met quality and scheduling demands and
diagnose and resolve technical problems in a multi-user environment. ? Managed flow of isue resolution and asistance requests from user groups, performing triage analysis to ascertain
and invoke apropriate steps for resolution, ensuring folow-up and client satisfaction. ? Gathered apropriate information required to enter information into web-based problem tracking system and
liaised with user to ensure that requests or problem reports had ben satisfactorily handled. ? Worked directly with customers to determine and met production schedules.
LOGISTICS WAREHOUSEMAN SR., Brown Standard Corp. 2008 – 2009
Supervised 40-person logistics team that suported the largest Clas IV Warehouse—managing inventory, reconcilng
receipts, property bok record cataloging, while providing A/R service. ? Warehousing duties included stock control, receiving, shiping, storage, and Clas IV items and materials isuing to
clientele, miltary, and defense contractors—with line items in exces of $8M. ? Provided logistics, inventory, transportation, and consultation while preparing documentation for Clas IV
materials and replenishing inventory as dictated by analysis and SPBS record keping.
AUTOMATED LOGISTICS SPECIALIST/AMMUNITION SPECIALIST, Ammo Logistics Inc. 2000 – 2008
Received, stored, and isued conventional ammunition, guided misiles, large rockets, and other related items—
performing maintenance, modifcation, destruction, and demiltarization of ammunition and explosive components. ? Utilzed computer hardware/software and manual records to perform stock control and acounting procedures and
prepare and review ammunition storage waivers and malfunction reports. ? Analyzed and interpreted technical data, providing direction to team regarding receipt, storage, maintenance, and
suply of ammunition, misiles, and other explosive items.
PROFESIONAL DEVELOPMENT
U.S. ARMY CERTIFICATIONS
? PBUSE (Property Bok Unit Suply Enhanced) Sustainment Course, U.S. Army Quartermaster Schol ? 92A Automated Logistics Suply Course
? Logistics Training Course, KBR Theater Training Center for Excelence ? Basic Non-commisioned Oficer Course
? Advanced Individual Training Course 89B, U.S. Army Ordnance Schol ? Advanced Individual Training Course 92A Property Bok Unit Suply Enhanced Sustainment Course, U.S. Army
Quartermaster Schol ? Primary Leadership Course
? Certified Course in SAMS-1E, Centre of Certification Course, U.S. Army Quartermaster Schol ? Basic Combat Training, U.S. Army Infantry Center
TECHNOLOGIES: Ful proficiency on various warehouse, routing, and dispatch software systems. MS Ofice. SECURITY CLEARANCE: Secret (Active)
EDUCATION: State Community Colege, Computer Information Systems Coursework