Pappy Van Winkel
P.O. Box 1673
Callahan, FL 32011
800-991-5187; info@greatresumesfast.com
MEDICAL OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR
Versatile and accomplished Medical Office Administrator with more than 25 years’ diverse experience
in medical and receptionist/administrative roles. A firm believer that customer service is priority. Highly
regarded by colleagues for effective interpersonal skills, keeping composure during stressful situations,
and responsiveness on a day-to-day and long-term basis to clients and colleagues. Demonstrated
flexibility for quickly learning new procedures, new tasks, and computer software programs. Able to
balance and coordinate several projects and deadlines at the same time. Extensive work with MS Word,
Outlook, and Excel. Extremely knowledgeable about health and related confidentiality issues including
HIPAA, HiTech Act, insurance law, and employment law. Used Medisoft Advanced Electronic Medical
Records (EMR); types 70 words per minute.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Medical Administration Assistance
• Studied anatomy, medical terminology, and medical coding and billing as part of six-month
medical administrative assistant program after completing the coursework for a year-long
medical coding and billing program.
• Worked full-time while completing academic work in medical coding & billing, consistently
scoring higher than 98% on frequent practical exams. Applied knowledge and reasoning in
multitude of scenarios, choosing correct codes for situation.
• Telephone Communication – Answered telephones for Director as well as Dean of Medical and
Dental Schools and Hospital; spoke by telephone with hospital employees giving results of
infectious disease studies. Applied knowledge from medical terminology and language studies to
confidently and correctly transmit information between professionals (nurses, doctors, lab techs).
• Coding and Record Keeping – Determined and entered codes into hospital patient records;
performed other manual record-keeping tasks including preparing, pulling, and replacing patient
records.
• Administration – Served as administrative assistant to pharmacology department and as
administrator to grants and diversity department head.
Human Resources Support
• Employee Hiring Process – Prepared job descriptions, drafted and reviewed applications,
assisted with interviews, conducted assessments prior to hiring, performed background checks.
• Process & Procedures – Wrote personnel and procedure manuals, oversaw confidentiality of
personal information including health records, processed performance evaluations, assisted in
investigations of alleged misconduct and other complaints, and assisted in corrective action and
terminations.
• Orientation & Training – Informed new hires about compensation and other benefits, work
scheduling and conditions, leave and vacation policies, and company policies and procedures;
delivered ongoing training.
Office Administration
• Worked at major medical center; created and accurately tracked budgets through work for
Director of Financial Services and Budget. Ordered supplies and maintained inventory. JOHN H. SMITH Page 2
• Extensive experience in receptionist duties: appointment scheduling and coordination, customer
relations, mail distribution, general administrative support, project management, records
management, office management, and collecting outstanding receivables.
• Tracked appointments, continuing education credits, events, filings, and intermediate and final
deadlines.
• Communicated clearly with professionals and patients. Employed understanding of cultural
differences gained from teaching English as a second language and degree in French.
Demonstrated clear, concise written communication. Proven expertise in proofreading, paying
attention to spelling, punctuation, grammar, syntax, and correct word choice. Showed ability to
use respectful, plain language when conveying complex information. An effective, active listener.
CORE SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE - MEDICAL
• Obtaining insurance preauthorization
• Submitting and following up on insurance
claims using ICD-9 and CPT codes
• Manual and online medical record
management
• Preparing charts & recording medical
histories
• Medical office procedures
• Anatomy and medical terminology
• Informing patients of financial policies
and referral sources
• Collecting payments from patients
• Collections, payroll, accounts payable &
accounts receivable
OFFICE ADMINISTRATION & HUMAN RESOURCES EXPERTISE
Office Management
Customer Relations
Administrative Support
Appointment Coordination
Records/Project Management
Writing Personnel Manuals
Hiring Process, Interviewing
Job Descriptions
Conducting Assessments
Orientation & Training
Employee Relations
HIPAA, HiTech Act
RELEVANT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Career Search including professional development (2011 – present)
ABC TRANSIT SPECIALISTS,INC., Receptionist, Operations and Billing Assistant. Portland, OR
(2007 – 2011)
PORTLAND AND HILLSDALE PUBLIC SCHOOLS, Short-term and Long-term Substitute Teacher. Elementary,
Middle, and High Schools. Portland and Hillsdale, OR (2002 – 2007)
BRIGS & DEWITT, Law Firm. Portland, OR
STATE UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER, Clerk, Receptionist, Secretary, and Administrator. Office of Fiscal
Services & Budget; Office of Dean of Medical and Dental Schools and Hospital; Infectious Disease
Department; Pharmacology Department; Hospital Records; Grants and Diversity Office; Seattle, WA.
REPRESENTATIVE EDUCATION
Medical Administrative Assistant Program, Blue Hill College. (Completed six-month academic course)
Medical Coding and Billing, Blue Hill College. (Completed one-year academic course work)
Improving Human Performance, Leadership Academy, Certificate, Blue Hill Community College
Human Resource Management Program, Certificate, State University
Teaching English as a Second Language, Certificate, Amherst University
Master of Arts, Amherst University, Linguistics Major
Bachelor of Arts, Amherst University, French Major, Secondary Education Minor 