Patricia Snow
18 Mills Way, Sometown, WI 53215
Phone: (555) 555-5555 | ps@somedomain.com
Customer Service Representative
Providing Exceptional Service ... Building Loyal Relationships ... Solving Problems ... Increasing Sales
Dynamic customer service professional experienced in both call-center and retail store settings.
Excel in listening to customer needs, articulating product benefits and creating solutions that provide value to the customer.
Build and maintain enduring customer relationships to boost sales and generate repeat business.
Experience
ABC Company, Sometown, WI (National retail brand with a fast-growing catalog operation)
Customer Service Representative, 9/2011 to Present
Respond to telephone inquiries, providing quality service to customers and associates inquiring about the availability of products or status of orders.
Listen attentively to caller needs to ensure a positive customer experience.
Access electronic and paper cataloging systems to look up product information and availability.
Strive for quick complaint resolution; commended by supervisor for the ability to resolve problems on the first call and avoid escalation of issues.
Excel within a service-oriented company, demonstrating a talent for communicating effectively with customers from diverse backgrounds.
DEF Company, Sometown, WI (Sometown's largest showroom for residential and commercial flooring)
Customer Service Representative, 6/2011 to 9/2011
Ensured customers were satisfied with every part of the flooring experience, from initial greeting through order completion.
Memorized the company’s product offerings; contributed to a 12% sales increase for the quarter by communicating product benefits and providing excellent service.
Recommended solutions within customer budgets and proactively followed up with all leads.
Education

ABC High School, Sometown, WI
Diploma, 5/2011

Seminars completed:
The Customer Focus  |  Creating Win/Win Relationships  |  The Customer Is Always Right

Available for evening and weekend shifts

