Objective

To secure a challenging position that allows me to contribute my customer service, sales, office support, and computer skills.

Summary of qualifications

Microsoft Word, Excel, Internet, typing speed 55 wpm, 10-key 10,000 kph, customer service, sales, excellent written and verbal communication skills, self starter, team player, dedication to problem resolution, and exceeding customer satisfaction.

Work experience

8/2003 to Present Yahoo! Search Marketing Burbank, CA

Acct Manager

Managing high spend agency and SEM accounts analyzing their client’s ROI / CPA goals. Managing account ad group/ keyword setting and structure to deliver optimal client results. Proactively create strategic recommendations and search marketing solutions for clients. Expanding and developing relationships to assist Agencies and SEM’s reach their full potential Responsible for ensuring client satisfaction by responding to specialized and general service requests from advertisers, prospective advertisers and consumers, acting as the main point of contact for Overture higher spending clients, manage all day-to day activities including placement and monitoring of bids, assisting with reports and issue resolution, document basic information regarding the status of a client account and consumer inquiries regarding new and developing products and services, effectively communicate situational problems and issues for resolution, identity problems and determine appropriate action to be taken, identify and evaluate opportunities to retain and reduce customer retention, successfully performs against department policies and practices.

2/2001 to 6/2003 Spherion (PayPoint Electronic Payment Systems) Los Angeles, CA

Sr. Desktop Support Analyst (weekend position)

Answered inbound calls and inquiries for basic desktop, laptop, and printer hardware issues. Providing first level troubleshooting for desktop systems, workstations and servers. Resolving software, hardware and telecommunication problems. Assist in troubleshooting problems within network, mainframe, and voice environment. Primarily supporting MS operating systems, including Office and Outlook. (Position transferred to Maryland)

6/2002 to 11/2002 Matchnet PLC Beverly Hills, CA

Sr. Sales Representative/Member Service Representative

Answered member email, telephone and chat inquiries, assisted members with sales and membership purchases, qualified each member for potential purchases or promotions, made original contact with members, presented product information and services, consulted and handled all objections to the purchases, consummated the sale, handled escalated calls with 100% resolution and customer satisfaction, settled membership disputes, adjusted membership rated and processed refunds, proofed and edited web site content and maintained a suitable web site atmosphere. (Call center- graveyard shift was eliminated and day shifts were not available)

11/2001 to 4/2002 Southern California Edison Long Beach, CA

Customer Service Professional

Answered a high volume of customer inquiries via telephone regarding service applications, rates, programs, billing, credit, and deposits, handled new building contracts requests for service, assisted with credit verification for new service, determined new service deposit requirements, assisted with turn-offs and re-installment of service, assisted low-income families with care applications, completed payment arrangements, and demonstrated excellent customer support for emergency weather conditions. (Call center- changes in company’s schedules created schedule conflict with class schedule)

3/2001 to 11/2001 Backsaver.com Santa Fe Springs, CA

Sales Consultant/ Customer Service Representative

Answered telephone inquires about back products and equipment, assisted customers with purchase, shipment and delivery of products, heavy prospecting, networking, cold calling, and qualifying leads and presentations, responsible for direct sales to key accounts, outstanding research, marketing and technical research, and developed new accounts. (Company is no longer in business)


Education


2003 California State University – Dominguez Hills

Mass Communications - BA

§ Marketing Minor

References

Professional and personal references available upon request