Sample Client
123 Any Street info@greatresumesfast.com
Miami, FL 12345 800.991.5187
Liability Claims Professional
Leveraging extensive liability claims experience with a dedication to safety and prevention
to effect greater overall client satisfaction.
Solid and dependable experience in varying capacities of claims and safety management. Creative and articulate
leader dedicated to risk reduction through the constant review and improvement of safety and medical
management systems and claims handling processes. Reliable persistence in collaborating with multiple
departments to execute prompt and thorough claims investigations leading to timely and cost-effective
resolution. Proven ability to manage professional relationships in a fast-paced, multicultural environment.
? Liability Exposure Evaluation ? General & Professional Liability ? Safety & Prevention
? Risk Reduction ? Investigation & Root Cause Analysis ? Timely Incident Response
? Quality Assurance ? Cross-Functional Collaboration ? Litigation Management
? Cost-Effective Resolution ? iVOS Claims Management Software ? Fluent in Mandarin Chinese
Professional Experience
Supervisor, Claims and Shipboard Safety 2008 – Present
Confidential Company, Inc., Miami, FL
Managed all guest and crew bodily injury claims for international six-star, ultra-luxury cruise line. Consistently
upheld commitment to stellar service standards both on and off ships. Performed all aspects of claims
management for unlitigated claims. Collaborated with Protection & Indemnity (P&I) insurance Club claim
representatives and legal correspondents to manage litigation internationally.
Received first notice of all accident/injury and near-miss reports. Provided direct guidance and instructions to
ships’ safety officers regarding incident investigation, root cause analysis, evidence retention, and corrective
action. Reviewed and analyzed data quarterly to identify trends and establish measures for reducing risk.
Conducted P&I insurance coverage analysis for all vessel incidents. Created and presented detailed loss notices
to P&I Club for covered incidents such as guest illness outbreaks and ship diversions for medical evacuations.
Ø Improved quality of vessel accident reports by continually educating and empowering ships’ safety
officers to take ownership of investigations and ensure that all accidents are thoroughly investigated and
well documented with root causes determined accurately.
Ø Implemented new claim handling guidelines, which improved guest claim response and resolution times
by 50% and virtually eliminated escalation to litigation by American guests.
Ø Increased P&I recoveries by nearly $100,000 per year by improving relationship with P&I Club claim
representatives and providing more thorough and timely loss notices.
Ø Collaborated with Guest Relations department to develop strategic proactive approach to managing
minor known liabilities by promptly offering preemptive goodwill gestures.
Mandarin Chinese Student / English Teacher 2005 – 2007
Confidential University / Confidential Jr. High School, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Embarked on two-year journey abroad to gain comprehensive understanding of Mandarin Chinese language.
Upon completion of university-level language study, served as ESL teacher to honors students in grades 7-9.
Implemented innovative language development strategies including pen pal program and flag-football club. Sample Client Page 2
Confidential Company, Inc. (now ABC, Inc.), Miami, FL 1997 – 2004
Successfully achieved progressive advancement and increasing claims responsibility with third-party claims
administrator for Confidential University’s Hospital, Medical & Professional Liability program. Earned a
reputation for strong initiative, great persistence and intuitive problem solving skills. Known for inquisitive
nature and the ability to learn new skills quickly and accurately.
PL Claims Specialist I, 2003 – 2004
Awarded promotion to newly created career advancement position based on proven record of claims
management aptitude, reliability, organizational skills and attention to detail. Successfully managed individual
caseload of professional liability (medical and dental malpractice) claims in accord with established claims
handling guidelines.

Ø Upheld client’s esteemed reputation while conducting detailed inquiries with claimants, physicians,
nurses, and other health care representatives.
Ø Consistently obtained favorable judgments representing physicians in Small Claims Court cases.
Ø Ensured that client was kept abreast of key developments and noteworthy concerns.
Senior Claims Assistant, 1998 – 2003
Provided claims and administrative support to operations manager and three account executives in the
management of professional liability claims. Assessed medical reports, legal documentation, and claims
requirements to ensure complete accuracy in the setup of new claim files. Managed all AP for claim file expenses
and coordinated client funds on issuance of indemnity checks.
Ø Improved overall operational efficiency throughout statewide program by authoring Claims Database
Procedure Guidelines handbook for VOS claims management software.
Ø Successfully recruited, trained, and supervised new claims assistants in local office and provided ongoing
training for claims assistants throughout regional offices.
File Clerk, 1997 – 1998
Supported both professional liability and general liability programs serving UC client. Managed and maintained
medical records, billing, and document filing systems ensuring complete accuracy and organization.
Professional Development
Safety Management Training, Confidential
? Principles of Occupational Safety and Health (2.6 CEUs)
? Introduction to Industrial Hygiene (2.25 CEUs)
? Incident Investigation and Root Cause Analysis (.75 CEUs)
Claims Management Coursework, Insurance Institute of America
? Claims Handling Principles and Practices (AIC 33)
? Introduction to Claims (AIC 30)
B.A., Liberal Studies, Confidential University, Cincinnati, Ohio 