TOM ADAMS




"...Tom continues to excel as a database developer...he equipped our marketing, sales and billing groups with business intelligence tools that improved operations, efficiency and profitability..." 
2011 Performance Review

 

 

 

“…As a result of Tom’s efforts in customizing our CRM database, we are now able to provide an unprecedented level of service and support to our domestic and international customers…”
2009 Performance Review

 

 

 

“...of particular value to me has been Tom’s ability to identify and resolve glitches…His efforts prevented a potentially disastrous data loss...he is a key member of our IT team…”
2007 Performance Review

42 Pine St. | Sometown, MI 48901 | 555.555.5555
ta@somedomain.com

DATABASE DEVELOPER

Qualifications Summary
Skilled database developer backed by solid credentials, strong technical skills and a five-year history of exemplary-rated performance.
Experienced in developing server-side database management system (DBMS) applications on multiple platforms. Skilled in dimensional modeling, database informatics, SQL Server, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS and MDX.
Proven success designing high-integrity relational/dimensional databases and business intelligence solutions supporting critical business areas.
Skills

Database Development | BI Solutions | Data Warehousing & Integration
Object & Dimensional Modeling | OLAP & OLTP Data Modeling
Scripting, Coding & Documentation | Complex Troubleshooting

Professional Experience

ABC Company -- Sometown, MI
Midsize electronics reseller and distributor with a global clientele.

Database Developer, 6/07 to Present
Junior Database Developer, 1/07 to 6/07

Define system/user requirements to design, develop, document, test and implement data models, database architecture and DBMS/BI solutions supporting sales, marketing, ecommerce, finance, customer service, billing and other crucial business functions. Key Accomplishments:    

Developed new and customized existing databases using a variety of technologies, languages and programming tools.
Worked on team and individual development projects to deliver secure, robust and scalable DBMS/BI solutions that helped improve efficiency, information security, data integrity and customer satisfaction. 
Partnered with Web developers to create database-backed Web site that accelerated customer order fulfillment sixfold and elevated ecommerce sales by $850K in three months.
Identified and rectified a programming flaw in core CRM database. Prevented the irretrievable data loss of dozens of product orders totaling more than $150K.
Education & Technology

XYZ University -- Sometown, MI 
BS in Information Technology (Database Emphasis), Minor in Math, 2006

Visual Studio, .?Net, C#, VBA for Access, ASP, ASP.?Net, SQL Server, Transact-SQL, Oracle, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Sybase, Ingres, MDX, C++, C, Perl, MS Access